So, what if you want to
add a lot of markers?
Well, there's a pretty
simple way to do that,
you just dump the collection of markers
that you want to add in a data frame.
So, let's go through
an example of doing that.
So, let's just create a data frame that
has some random longitude and latitudes.
We'll set the seed first so
that you get the same answers as
we do when you run the same code.
So then I'm just going to
create this data frame.
And then let me just show you
what the data frame looks like.
It's got more rows than this,
20 rows exactly.
So the latitude and
longitudinal are just columns named
lat and lng in the data frame.
Now, what we're going to do is that
this data frame is going to get,
this is what this code means.
This data frame is going to get
passed as an argument to leaflet.
That'll create our map,
which will have nothing.
So if I were to just run those two bits,
well actually it's
expecting something now.
So let me get out that.
So if I were just run this
part without the pipe,
it's created a blank map.
Now if I were to run this code
where it's taken the data frame,
passed as an argument to leaflet, passed
the output of the argument of leaflet
evaluated at the data frame as
the argument to the addTiles function.
I would get this,
it would have the map, but
remember addTiles just
brings in the mapping data.
It doesn't actually plot anything.
And now if I pass that to the addMarkers
it should add the markers.
Of course you don't have to run it the way
I'm running it in bits and pieces,
you just run the whole code all at once.
Okay?
And there you
see are your multiple markers,
right like that.
So try this out.
Create a data frame with some random
longitude and latitudes in it, and
create a marker.
Create a map with all the markers in it.